# cplusplus
Project 2 from Programming Languages course
This project required to ask for input from user about how much their initial investvest would be, how much extra they would put in per month and how long they would keep the funds in for. It then needed to output two charts. One showed year over year savings with interest if you don't put any extra payments in, and the other chart showed what savings would be if you put in extra monthly payments. 
I think I completed the basic requirements of the project while leaving one big opportunity. I think my formatting was good for the charts. That took some trial and error since I hadn't really had a lot of experience formatting precision. I still haven't wrapped my head around it to where I know what set things like width will do each time, but if I just play with the numbers, I can get it to the spacing I want. 
My big opportunity with this code (which I thought I might get points off for) was that, if you entered a non-positive number by accident, I didn't code in some sort of exception handling. It outputs a chart with numbers that are non sensical and get mroe and more negative if I remember correctly. Has been a big since I've run it. 
Most challenging part was the setting width of columns. I remember I had to just keep running with different parameters until it looked right. 
The biggest takeaway from this project was the use of header/class/main files. Everything really clicked as far as the layout of my file went when we  learned about this and I was able to put it into practice with this program. It helped me really understand that I state, or declare things in the header file, that I write out the functionality of each function, (define it) in my class file, and then call them in my main. Once I felt good about this, laying out my code and writing it made SO much more sense. 
The main way that I made this code maintainable and readable was through the use of descriptive in line comments explaining what I was doing. It will help me or someone else troubleshoot it or add to it later on.
